Bathsheba the Witch by Jane Elizabeth Kamak copyright black cat publishing
Witches When we think of witches, we usually think of old women with black hair, black clothes and a black hat.
They are usually very ugly and laugh when they do something bad.
Witches say strange words like hocus pocus.
At Halloween children often dress like witches to try to scare their friends.
Witches are a popular subject of stories, both old and modern stories and especially children's stories.
Do you know the sisters who are witches in the Wizard of Oz?
One is the wicked witch of the east.
She is the leader of the munchkin people and she wears magical silver shoes.
With these shoes she can transport anyone anywhere they wish to go.
Her sister is the wicked witch of the west.
She is the leader of the winky people.
She has got green skin and a big nose and she always wears black clothes.
She lives in a castle with her pets, the winged monkeys.
The people are afraid of her but she is afraid of the dark.
Chapter 1 The House in the Forest
In the middle of a dark forest on the top of a high mountain there is a black house.
The garden gate is black, the flowers in the garden are black and the front door is black too.
A witch lives in this house.
Witches in stories are usually bad.
They have got big noses and long black hair.
They make terrible potions and spells.
They go out at night on their broomsticks and their clothes are always black.
But this witch, the witch in this story, is different.
Her name is Bathsheba and she is a good and beautiful witch.
Her hair is curly and blonde and she has got a small nose.
She buys her fashionable clothes from magazines.
Bathsheba lives alone in the black house with her white cat, cobweb.
She has got a very important job.
Bathsheba is a weather witch.
Down in the valley just below the dark forest there is a pretty village called Sunnyville.
In Sunnyville the weather is always good.
In summer the sky is blue and it is never too hot.
In autumn the red and orange leaves fly into the next village.
In winter icicles hang from the trees.
Ice covers the roofs in December and on Christmas day the snow always falls.
When spring arrives the new flowers grow fast in the good weather.
It doesn't rain in Sunnyville, well only at night and every day it is sunny.
No one in the village knows about the witch.
No one knows that Bathsheba on her new turbo broom paints the dark clouds white and makes the grey sky blue.
Bathsheba the witch pushes the storm clouds into the next valley.
Bathsheba and cobweb have got a very difficult job.
Sometimes they work all night.
They change the weather for the next day and when morning comes they are very tired.
They go back to the black house for breakfast.
Everything is sunny in Sunnyville until one day.
The weather in Great Britain.
In Britain the weather changes very often.
It can be sunny one day and rainy the next and so it is difficult to know what the weather is going to be like.
In the story Bathsheba changes the weather with her turbo broom.
Now let's look at some things which really change the weather in Great Britain.
The wind.
Different parts of Britain have different weather because the winds come from different directions.
The origin of the wind influences the weather in Britain.
In the north a very cold wind blows from the Arctic.
In the east the winds are cold and dry.
These winds come from the continents of Europe and Asia and we call them continental winds.
In the south the winds can be warm and tropical.
They come from the area near the equator, the tropics.
In the west they are warm and wet.
This is because the wind crosses the Atlantic Ocean and brings clouds and rain.
The Gulf Stream.
The sea is very important in Britain.
Britain is a small island and the sea around it also influences the weather.
The ocean near Mexico and the Caribbean is warm and a current of this warm water comes across the Atlantic Ocean to the west coast of Britain.
This is called the Gulf Stream and it can increase the temperature of the air by 5 to 8 degrees Celsius.
The seasons.
Britain has a temperate climate.
This means that it is usually warm and it often rains.
There are four seasons in Britain, spring, summer, autumn and winter.
The typical weather is different in each season but there isn't usually any extreme weather because of the influence of the sea.
In winter it is often cold, wet and windy.
Sometimes it can snow but the temperature doesn't usually go below not degrees Celsius.
In summer it can be hot but temperatures are usually about 26 degrees Celsius.
Differences in the regions.
There are some big differences in the weather between the different regions of Britain.
On the west coast of Britain the weather is usually warm and wet.
This is because of the wind, the Gulf Stream and because some of the land is high.
In the east of Britain however the land is low and the weather is usually dry.
The average temperatures in the north of England and Scotland are different from those in the south of England.
The average high temperature in London in July is 22 degrees Celsius but in Glasgow it is 19 degrees Celsius.
Hours of daylight.
The number of hours of daylight also changes with the season and the region.
The latitude influences the number of hours of daylight in a country.
London is at 51 degrees north latitude and Loewick in the north of Scotland is at 60 degrees north.
In December in London there are 7 hours 50 minutes of daylight and in Loewick there are 5 hours 50 minutes.
In summer the number of hours of daylight is very different.
In June in London there are 16 hours and 40 minutes of daylight and in Loewick there are 18 hours and 50 minutes.
Chapter 2 The Invisible Potion
One summer day a wind arrives from the east.
It is a warm wind, a wind that plays in the gardens, a wind of change.
Bathsheba wakes up early and she feels different.
I want to go down to the village.
She says to cobweb.
Cobweb looks at her with his big green eyes.
It's dangerous I know.
She continues.
Because humans don't like witches.
Cobweb size and closes his eyes.
Bathsheba drinks her tea.
I know.
She says I can make a spell, my invisible spell.
So Bathsheba finds her spell book.
She puts some rain, a white cloud and two spoons of fog into her cauldron.
Then she adds some invisible powder and stirs the potion with a big wooden spoon.
Two spoons the spell says.
And Bathsheba drinks the green potion.
She feels very different.
Bathsheba looks in the mirror.
There is no one there.
Cobweb opens one eye.
He feels a light wind crossing the room.
The door opens and closes.
He sighs and then eats his breakfast.
Bathsheba is free.
She runs across a meadow near the stream and through the forest.
She jumps over stones and under branches.
She goes down the mountain and into the village.
She dreams so often of this world where the humans live and now she is there.
In the middle of the village there is an area of grass called the green.
Around the green there are shops, a cafe and lots of small cottages.
There is a pub called the green dragon.
How strange!
Bathsheba thinks.
That the villagers know about the green dragon.
There is a pond.
There are ducks swimming in the pond and there are benches where people can sit.
It's beautiful.
Bathsheba says.
She wants to know more about the people who live here.
Bathsheba goes into the butchers.
Here they sell steaks and other meat.
And Mr Jones, the butcher, has got a kind red face and a big nose.
He is wearing a white apron and a butcher's hat.
Bathsheba doesn't like meat so she goes next door.
The next shop is the bakers.
There are lots of different kinds of bread and hundreds of delicious cakes.
My invisible spell is fun.
Thanks Bathsheba.
And she takes a cake.
Mr Smith, the baker, can see a cream cake flying out of the shop.
Then Bathsheba goes into the green grocers.
There are lots of people in the shop.
There are old ladies with bags of fruit, children with apples and there is a soldier.
He is wearing a beautiful red jacket, black trousers and black boots.
He has got dark brown hair and light grey eyes.
He is very handsome.
Goodbye Mr Cherry.
Captain Troy says and he leaves the shop.
He has got a lovely voice.
Bathsheba is in love.
Chapter three, a witch in love.
His name is Captain Troy.
Bathsheba tells Cobweb.
He's got a red jacket and black boots.
He's very handsome.
Cobweb puts his paws over his ears.
Don't you understand Cobweb?
I'm in love.
Says Bathsheba.
She dances around the kitchen with her broomstick.
Then she sits down and says.
But I'm a witch.
And he's a soldier.
He can't be my boyfriend.
Bathsheba cries all day.
She can't eat and when evening comes her eyes are red and she is very tired.
She goes to sleep.
At midnight her alarm clock rings but Bathsheba sleeps and sleeps.
There is thunder and lightning in the sky.
She doesn't hear it.
Cobweb tries to wake her up but it is not possible.
At 8am the morning sky is grey, not blue.
The rain falls but Bathsheba is asleep.
All the people in the village come out of their houses.
They look at the sky.
It's not possible.
Says Mr Jones the butcher.
It never rains during the day.
Thunder!
How strange!
Says Mr Smith the baker.
The sky is always blue.
Where's the song today?
Mr Cherry says.
Sunnyville is famous for its good weather.
Every year when all the villages enter the good weather competition we always win.
Because our village has the best weather.
This is a disaster.
And they have a meeting about the problem in the pub.
At midday Bathsheba wakes up.
She looks at the grey sky.
She sees the rain.
Then she looks at her watch.
Twelve o'clock.
She says.
Oh no!
And she starts to cry again.
I love a soldier and I can't do my job.
She says to cobweb.
Weather wizard only likes witches who work.
Witches who don't work get terrible jobs.
They have to look after wizards children.
And you know how terrible they can be.
Then the telephone rings.
Bathsheba is afraid.
Seven four nine three.
She says quietly.
Can I speak to the weather witch please?
A happy voice says.
Speaking.
This is Dr Miracle.
He says.
And I can make miracles.
What kind of miracles?
Bathsheba asks.
A lot of different kinds.
But weather problems are my speciality.
Really?
Well I've got lots of problems.
Bathsheba says.
Can you help me?
Certainly.
He says.
See you this afternoon at two p.m.
Goodbye.
Listening activity.
The fair weather competition.
Is the weather in your village always good?
In summer is the sky always blue?
Does it snow on Christmas day?
If the answer is yes enter the fair weather competition.
The competition is on the 21st of June at two p.m.
in the town hall in the center of Oxford.
To enter the competition bring four photographs of your village.
One of each season.
And we can choose a winner.
The first prize is five hundred pounds for your village
and the chance to see your photographs in the local paper.
Phone the tourist office on 01802 659 874 for more information.
Chapter 4.
Marvelous Dr Miracle.
At two o'clock a limousine arrives at the black house.
Dr Miracle is a large man.
He has got a round pink face and a long moustache.
He is wearing a long dark cloak over his brown suit.
He has got a yellow waistcoat and his shoes are long and striped.
In his hand he is carrying a large red bag.
So you're the village's weather witch?
He says.
Where's your computer?
I haven't got one.
Bathsheba says.
I use this turbo broom to push the dark clouds away.
Here is my paint.
Blue for the sky and white for the clouds.
I use my magic spells and so the rain falls only at night.
Dr Miracle looks at her and smiles.
You work very hard.
He says.
Young weather witches use technology to help them.
So you need this.
He takes a small white computer out of his bag.
This weather computer does everything.
He explains.
When he turns it on there are a lot of colors on the screen.
Bathsheba can see a bright green light under the keyboard.
Every evening you can program the weather.
Then the computer does the work.
Says Dr Miracle.
It moves the dark clouds and paints the sky.
Marvelous Dr Miracle shows her how to do it.
Bathsheba is a clever witch and she soon understands.
The computer is a fantastic invention.
He says.
And so you can go out.
You can go down to the village.
You can go dancing.
When he says this, Bathsheba starts to cry.
What's the matter?
asks Dr Miracle.
I love Captain Troy.
I want to go down to the village but I can't.
She says.
Why not?
Dr Miracle asks in a kind voice.
Because humans don't like witches.
Bathsheba replies.
Dr Miracle laughs.
Only bad witches and only witches in stories.
You need one of my special love potions.
Dr Miracle opens his cloak.
Inside there are lots of little pockets and in every pocket there are some bottles.
There are small bottles, round bottles and square bottles in every color.
He gives her a small bottle with a pink potion in it.
He'll spray once near his nose.
Says Dr Miracle.
That's all you have to do.
Good luck.
Dr Miracle gives her his email address and leaves.
Bathsheba looks at the small bottle.
Then she runs upstairs.
She must choose the right clothes to wear.
Cobweb comes into the bedroom.
The wardrobe doors are open and clothes fly over his head.
A pair of jeans falls onto the bed.
There is a white blouse on the bedside table.
A pink skirt is next to the lamp.
There are eight pairs of shoes on the floor.
How do I look?
Bathsheba finally says.
Cobweb looks at her from under the bed.
Cobweb is wearing white leggings, a white skirt and a pink and grey t-shirt.
She looks lovely.
She puts the love potion in her bag and goes out.
Cobweb says goodbye from the front door.
Then he sees Bathsheba's glasses on the table.
She can't see very well without her glasses.
Down in the village, the sun is shining and the villagers are happy again.
People are sitting at tables outside the cafe drinking tea.
And when they see Bathsheba, they are surprised.
They want to know who she is.
Good afternoon.
Bathsheba says.
She is a little afraid.
Do they know that she is a witch?
You're new to the village?
Says Mrs. Dale, the florist.
I'm just visiting.
Says Bathsheba.
And then she sees a red jacket.
It is him.
She is sure that it is Captain Troy.
Potions.
A potion is a medicine which has got special powers.
There are lots of different potions in literature.
Sometimes potions in the stories help people and sometimes they hurt people.
Potions to help people.
In C.S. Lewis's The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe,
Lucy receives an important potion as a Christmas present.
This potion can help people if they are ill or if they hurt themselves.
Lucy uses this potion to help her brother.
Potions to change people.
In the strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, Dr. Jekyll drinks a potion.
His body changes and he becomes the terrible Mr. Hyde.
Roald Dahl often uses potions in his books.
In George's Marvelous Medicine, George makes a special potion for his grandmother.
He wants to change her from an angry grandma into a sweet kind grandma.
Sleeping Potions
In Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet, Juliet is in love with Romeo,
but her parents want her to marry another man, Paris.
She doesn't want to marry Paris, so she drinks a sleeping potion.
She sleeps very deeply and her parents think she is dead.
Romeo doesn't know about the potion and he thinks she is dead too.
He loves Juliet very much, so he decides to die too.
Love Potions
In A Midsummer Night's Dream by Shakespeare,
Oberon, the king of the fairies, is very angry with his queen, Titania.
He puts some love potion into her eyes when she is asleep,
and puck Oberon's servant changes the head of one of the characters into the head of a donkey.
This is the first person Titania sees when she wakes up,
and she falls in love with a man with a donkey's head.
Chapter 5 Red Jackets
Captain Troy
Bathsheba says very quietly.
She takes the pink potion from her bag.
The red jacket is near the sweet shop.
She is behind him and she sprays just once near his nose.
The red jacket turns.
Bathsheba can see eyes full of love, but they are small, round and dark.
This man has got curly blonde hair and a big fat face.
It isn't Captain Troy.
My darling, you're very beautiful.
The man in the red coat says, and he takes her hand.
Bathsheba takes her hand away.
I'm sorry, she says to the man.
It's all a mistake, a big mistake.
And then she runs.
The man in the red jacket runs too.
Bathsheba races across the green and into the butchers.
Can I help you?
asks Mr Jones, the butcher.
I've got some lovely stakes.
Sir, a man is in love with me.
Says Bathsheba.
Mr Jones smiles.
How wonderful, he says.
But I don't love him.
Bathsheba replies, please help me.
Is there a door at the back of your shop?
There is.
He says, and he opens the door so Bathsheba can run away.
Good luck, my dear.
She is in a road with tall trees.
Without her glasses, she can't see very well.
She decides to turn right.
You.
Our voice says, the man with the small dark eyes has got his arms around her.
My darling, finally.
He says, but Bathsheba is quick.
Her arms are strong from pushing clouds and painting the sky.
She turns around and runs.
She is fast, but the man follows her.
He shouts words of love.
She asks people to stop her, but no one can.
Bathsheba runs in front of the school, through the sports centre, and finally she arrives
at the forest.
It is not far to her home, but suddenly she sees a man in a red jacket come out from behind
a tree.
Bathsheba falls onto the ground.
She can't run anymore.
She can feel strong arms pulling her up, and a soft voice says, are you all right?
Bathsheba looks into kind eyes and a handsome face.
It is Captain Troy.
Yes, I'm fine.
She says with a soft smile, and then she remembers that she can't talk to him now.
She must get home before the man with the small dark eyes arrives.
Are you new to the village?
Captain Troy asks her.
Bathsheba gets up.
Yes, quite new.
She replies.
And now I really must go.
And she walks away from Captain Troy.
But I don't know your name, or where you live.
He says.
My name's Bathsheba.
She says, and she runs away between the trees.
But Bathsheba forgets something.
She leaves her bag on the grass.
Captain Troy finds the bag and the small bottle of pink potion inside it.
He looks at the bottle and sprays the potion near his nose.
What a wonderful smell.
Listening activity.
Hello, John.
I'm a writer, and I'm writing about Helen of Troy and Hercules.
Can I ask you some questions about Helen of Troy first, please?
Yes, of course.
How do you spell Troy?
It's T-R-O-Y.
Thank you.
Why is Helen famous?
She is famous because she is very beautiful.
And she has got a famous father.
Is that right?
Yes, that's right.
He's Zeus.
He's king of the gods.
And is she married?
Yes.
Her husband is called Menelaus.
But Helen meets another man and falls in love with him.
Who does she meet?
She meets Paris.
But then Menelaus' brother is very angry, and the Trojan War starts.
Thank you, John.
Let's talk about Hercules now.
Certainly.
How do you spell Hercules?
It's H-E-R-C-U-L-E-S.
His father is Zeus, too.
And why is Hercules famous?
Because he's very strong.
There are lots of interesting stories about him.
Can you tell me one?
Well, the goddess Hera hates Hercules.
When he is only a baby, she puts two snakes in his bed.
And what happens?
Baby Hercules kills the snakes with one hand.
His mother finds him playing with the dead bodies.
In the pictures, Hercules always wears something.
What is it?
Oh, yes.
He always wears a lion's skin.
Oh, it's a lion's skin.
Well, thank you very much for your help, John.
It's a pleasure.
Chapter 6.
Love Potion
Captain Troy goes home.
Mrs. Daly is in his cottage.
Every afternoon, Mrs. Daly comes to wash his clothes
and clean his house.
She has got a kind face, but her hands are red from all her work.
Good afternoon, Captain Troy.
She says.
Now, Dr. Miracle's potion is very strong.
When Captain Troy comes into the house,
Mrs. Daly looks like Helen of Troy.
Mrs. Daly, you're very beautiful.
And I want to tell you that I'm completely in love with you.
Captain Troy!
Mrs. Daly says.
Mrs. Daly is married and she is very happy.
She has got four children.
She likes Captain Troy, but she is surprised at what he says to her.
He tries to take her hand, but she runs into the kitchen
and takes a plate out of the cupboard.
You're wonderful, Mrs. Daly.
Says Captain Troy.
I want to marry you.
Captain Troy, you're not well.
Have you got a temperature?
Mrs. Daly asks.
It's you, Mrs. Daly.
Captain Troy replies.
My heart is burning with love for you.
Mrs. Daly throws the plate at Captain Troy, but it doesn't hit him.
She runs out of the house.
The vicar and Miss Price are outside with the church magazines.
Is anything the matter?
The vicar calls.
The captain is not well?
Mrs. Daly shouts.
Call the doctor immediately.
And she runs across the road and into the house opposite.
Captain Troy comes out of his house.
I'm in love with Mrs. Daly.
She's very beautiful.
He says, and he gives the bag and the bottle of pink potion to Miss Price.
Miss Price puts the bottle near her nose and smells it.
She feels different, and she looks at the vicar.
The vicar hasn't got any hair, and he has got a big nose.
But now Miss Price thinks he looks like Hercules.
Oh, Vicar, you're very handsome.
She says, and she gives the vicar a kiss.
The wizard watches from a white cloud, and he sighs.
He sees Captain Troy singing love songs outside the house opposite his own.
He sees the vicar sitting in his car with Miss Price on the roof.
And he looks at the grey sky.
It is time to visit Bathsheba.
Chapter 7. A Visitor.
Oh, cobweb.
Bathsheba says, when she gets home to the black house.
What a disaster!
My glasses are here.
And now this ugly man is in love with me.
My handbag is in the village, and the love potion is inside it.
What can I do?
Cobweb moves the curtain with his paw and looks out of the window.
The cat makes a strange noise, and Bathsheba understands why immediately.
He's here!
She says, and she runs to the front door and turns the key.
Too late. The back door is open.
We must hide.
She says to cobweb.
But wait a minute.
Bathsheba thinks.
I'm a witch.
Where's my wand?
She hears the man fall over her broomstick in the next room.
Aha, here it is.
She says, it is under a chair.
The door handle moves.
Bathsheba finds her spell book.
The man in the red jacket comes into the living room.
His face is red like his clothes, and he has got red roses in his hand.
There you are, my love.
He says, come to me.
Cobweb finds the right page, and Bathsheba holds her wand.
And Bathsheba holds her wand and says,
Frogs and bats, don't leave me alone.
Turn this man into stone.
Suddenly they see a white light.
The man in the red jacket is standing quite still.
He is a statue.
Yes!
Bathsheba says.
We can put him outside in the garden.
He can stop the birds from eating my vegetables.
Bathsheba says a voice.
It is a dark voice with a sound like thunder.
Oh no!
Bathsheba says, she looks at cobweb.
It's the wizard.
Chapter 8.
The wizard.
The wizard is sitting at the table in Bathsheba's kitchen.
He is drinking a large cup of hot chocolate and eating some biscuits.
A disaster.
He finally says.
Now I must go to the village.
Can I help you?
Bathsheba offers.
I don't think so.
He replies.
What a disaster.
He repeats.
People falling in love with the wrong person.
A doctor selling potions and weather machines.
Oh dear.
And the wizard puts his head in his hands.
Can everything go back to normal?
Bathsheba asks.
Well, I must make a spell so that everyone forgets.
Then I must take that poor man to his house.
And finally, I must program the weather machine.
Don't you think that technology is a good thing?
Bathsheba asks.
Yes, but you must do the witches and wizards computer course.
Then you can use the computer.
He says.
Can I ask you something?
Bathsheba says.
It's about Captain Troy.
The wizard looks at her and smiles.
I know everything.
He says.
You're a beautiful witch.
You don't need any love potions.
Do you really think so?
Bathsheba asks.
I do.
He says.
But now we must speak about your punishment.
Punishment?
Says Bathsheba.
Oh yes.
Says the wizard.
Sometimes you don't think before you do things.
And that can be very dangerous.
So, I want you to take this letter to the green dragon.
Not the green dragon?
Bathsheba is afraid.
The wizard gives her the letter and leaves her house.
He takes the man in the red jacket to his house.
Once he is in his bed, he is human again.
Not a statue.
The wizard puts his potion that makes people forget in the eyes of all the villagers.
And before he leaves, he puts love powder into every house.
The next morning, when the people wake up, they can't remember anything.
But they all feel very happy.
And Bathsheba...
Chapter 9 The Green Dragon
All the witches know where the green dragon lives, but no one ever goes there.
They are all afraid of dragons.
They breathe fire and eat people.
Young women are dragon's favorite food.
At midnight, Bathsheba flies over the dark forest and the high rocks where the vultures live.
She flies on through the night sky until she arrives at the castle at the top of Lone Mountain.
There is fog around its towers and hot lava spits at her when she crosses the bridge.
There is a large black door at the entrance of the castle, but when she pushes it, the door opens.
Bathsheba walks into the great hall.
It is dark and cold.
She can hear the sound of her feet in the big empty room.
Where is the dragon?
Is anyone home?
She calls.
Excuse me.
She tries again.
I'm looking for the green dragon.
Suddenly, she hears an angry voice coming through the corridors.
It is a very loud voice and Bathsheba is afraid.
Who are you?
It says angrily.
Um, I'm Bathsheba the weather witch.
She says in a very small voice.
Why are you here?
The voice shouts again.
I've got a letter for you from the wizard.
She says.
Two light blue eyes shine out from the darkness, and then she sees an emerald green dragon standing in front of her.
A letter?
For me?
He says, and big dragon tears fall onto the floor.
The dragon is crying.
No one comes to see me.
No one brings me letters, and I'm all alone in this castle.
That's terrible.
Says Bathsheba, and she gently puts her hand on the dragon's face.
Everyone is afraid of you, and they don't know what a lovely dragon you are.
What's your real name?
It's Gulliver.
The dragon replies, and he opens the letter.
Oh!
Gulliver reads the letter.
He looks very happy.
Oh, how exciting!
A job from the wizard, and I need the help of an old friend.
But how can I find her?
Send her an email.
Bathsheba suggests.
I can help you.
You're very kind.
He says, and he shows Bathsheba the letter.
She reads it.
How interesting!
Says Bathsheba.
Listening activity.
Excuse me?
Yes?
I don't understand why all these people are in the streets.
Because today is the 23rd of April.
I'm sorry.
I come from Italy.
Is the 23rd of April a special day?
It's St George's Day.
St George is the patron saint of England, and today is England's national day.
Can you see all the flags?
The flags with a red cross on a white background?
Yes, that's the flag of England.
And some people are wearing a red rose, because the rose is our national flower.
But what are all the people waiting for?
They are waiting to see the mayor release red and white balloons.
Then there is a children's costume competition.
And in a minute, you can see George kill the dragon.
How exciting!
Can you see that soldier?
The one on the horse?
Yes, he is George.
And over there near the cave is the princess.
Can you see the girl with long blonde hair?
She is wearing a long dress.
Oh yes.
And look, there is the dragon.
Quick, let's move closer.
The show is starting.
Chapter 10.
The prize.
It is morning, and the weather is perfect.
Bathsheba watches Mr Potts the postman take a letter in a gold envelope to Captain Troy's house.
Captain Troy opens the letter and goes into his front garden.
Bathsheba wants to see Captain Troy again.
She walks past his house.
Hello Bathsheba.
How lovely to see you again.
Captain Troy says.
Do you remember me?
Bathsheba smiles.
I do, she says.
I've got a gold letter too.
It's a letter from Miracle Supermarket.
There's a prize for their special customers.
And she takes it from her bag.
Miracle Supermarket first prize.
A day at five-star Glencrag Castle.
Travel by dragon with free dragon parking.
Dancing in the dragon disco.
Friday morning, 9am.
Captain Troy laughs.
It can't be true.
I don't believe it.
We all know that there are only dragons in stories.
There aren't any dragons in Sunnyville.
Just then, they hear a strange sound and a large green dragon comes through a cloud in the sky.
Gulliver lands on the grass next to them.
Wow.
Says Captain Troy.
I can't believe it.
There really are dragons.
Of course there are.
Says Gulliver.
Climb up and fasten your seatbelt.
But what about Bathsheba?
Captain Troy asks.
She's got a letter too.
Sophia is taking her.
Gulliver replies.
Who's Sophia?
Bathsheba asks.
You hear him!
Says a voice in the sky.
Something large flies over the trees.
It is another dragon.
Her silver scales shine in the sunshine.
She is a small dragon, but her unusual color and purple eyes make her very beautiful.
Who says there aren't any dragons?
Sophia says.
Bathsheba climbs up onto her neck.
Time to go!
Says Gulliver.
The dragons touch noses and Captain Troy smiles at Bathsheba before they fly up over the
dark woods and through the clouds.
Glen Crag Castle stands on the top of a crystal mountain next to a glass lake.
It is wonderful.
Bathsheba and Captain Troy sit and talk in the beautiful dining room.
They go for walks in the castle gardens.
They play golf.
And before dinner, they race on their dragons through the blue mountains.
The wizard is right.
Bathsheba and Captain Troy don't need the love potion.
When Gulliver and the beautiful Sophia take them home on Friday evening, they are in love.
The only problem now is that Captain Troy can't tell people about the dragons and the castle.
Bathsheba makes a spell and blows it into his house.
It's all a dream.
It isn't real.
A dream of dragons and of meals.
In a castle in the sky.
Playing golf on mountains high.
I feel ill.
I've got a fever and I can't ever forget.
Bathsheba!
The dragons and the day at Glen Crag Castle become a wonderful dream.
But there is a girl he can't forget.
Bathsheba and Captain Troy meet in the village and have cups of hot chocolate in the cafe.
They go walking in the park and dancing in the evening.
Bathsheba has got a boyfriend at last.
She has also got two new dragon friends and she lives happily and peacefully.
Until the next adventure.
Listening activity.
So, what post have we got this morning?
The first letter in the pink envelope is for Mrs Evans.
She lives at number 22 Beach Lane.
This is spelt B E E C H and the number is 22.
The green envelope is for Miss Sims.
She lives at a house called Hedgeside.
That's spelt H E D G E S I D E.
It's number 14 The High Street.
The yellow envelope is Mr Sharp's letter.
Mr Sharp lives at Rose Cottage and that's in Linden Lane.
Spelt L Y N D O N.
The brown envelope is for Mrs Gates and she lives at 13 Chester Drive.
That's 13 C H E S T E R Drive.
Her postcode is S U 2 4 L D.
Thank you for your help.